Key,File,Type,UsedInMainMenu,english
cntBookcasePlayer,blocks,Furniture,,Bookcase (Storage)
playerStorageGroupDesc,blocks,Furniture,,Furniture items usually have small storage values and cannot be locked. These storage items can be secured and have full chest size storage. 
cntBookcasePlayerInsecure,blocks,Furniture,,Bookcase (Storage) Insecure
cntRetroFridgePlayer,blocks,Furniture,,Retro Fridge (Storage)
cntRetroFridgePlayerInsecure,blocks,Furniture,,Retro Fridge (Storage) Insecure
cntFridgeStainlessSteelPlayer,blocks,Furniture,,Stainless Steel Fridge (Storage)
cntFridgeStainlessSteelPlayerInsecure,blocks,Furniture,,Stainless Steel Fridge (Storage) Insecure
cntPillCasePlayer,blocks,Furniture,,Pill Case (Storage)
cntPillCasePlayerInsecure,blocks,Furniture,,Pill Case (Storage) Insecure
cntWoodDeskPlayer,blocks,Furniture,,Wooden Desk (Storage)
cntWoodDeskPlayerInsecure,blocks,Furniture,,Wooden Desk (Storage) Insecure
cntCabinetBottomPlayer,blocks,Furniture,,Cupboard (Storage)
cntCabinetBottomPlayerInsecure,blocks,Furniture,,Cupboard (Storage) Insecure
heatVentPlayer,blocks,Furniture,,Top Secret Vent (Storage)
heatVentPlayerInsecure,blocks,Furniture,,Top Secret Vent (Storage) Insecure
cntLootChestHero,blocks,Container,,Reinforced Storage Chest
cntCabinetBottomPlayer,blocks,Furniture,,Cabinet (Storage)
cntCabinetBottomPlayerInsecure,blocks,Furniture,,Cabinet (Storage) Insecure
cntCupboardCabinetRedTopPlayer,blocks,Furniture,,Cupboard (Storage)
cntCupboardCabinetRedTopPlayerInsecure,blocks,Furniture,,Cupboard (Storage) Insecure
cntCupboardCornerCNRRedPlayer,blocks,Furniture,,Cupboard (Storage)
cntCupboardCornerCNRRedPlayerInsecure,blocks,Furniture,,Cupboard (Storage) Insecure
cntCupboardCabinetFullRedTopPlayer,blocks,Furniture,,Cupboard (Storage)
cntCupboardCabinetFullRedTopPlayerInsecure,blocks,Furniture,,Cupboard (Storage) Insecure
cntCabinetOldBottomPlayer,blocks,Furniture,,Old Cabinet (Storage)
cntCabinetOldBottomPlayerInsecure,blocks,Furniture,,Old Cabinet (Storage) Insecure
cntCabinetOldSinkPlayer,blocks,Furniture,,Old Sink (Storage)
cntCabinetOldSinkPlayerInsecure,blocks,Furniture,,Old Sink (Storage) Insecure
cntCupboardCabinetOldTopPlayer,blocks,Furniture,,Old Cupboard (Storage)
cntCupboardCabinetOldTopPlayerInsecure,blocks,Furniture,,Old Cupboard (Storage) Insecure
cntCupboardCornerCNROldPlayer,blocks,Furniture,,Old Cupboard (Storage)
cntCupboardCornerCNROldPlayerInsecure,blocks,Furniture,,Old Cupboard (Storage) Insecure
cntCupboardCabinetFullOldTopPlayer,blocks,Furniture,,Old Cupboard (Storage)
cntCupboardCabinetFullOldTopPlayerInsecure,blocks,Furniture,,Old Cupboard (Storage) Insecure
cntGraniteSinkPlayer,blocks,Furniture,,Sink (Storage)
cntGraniteSinkPlayerInsecure,blocks,Furniture,,Sink (Storage) Insecure
cntCabinetPlayerBlockVariantHelper,blocks,Furniture,,Cupboard and Cabinets (Storage)
cntNightstandPlayer,blocks,Furniture,,Nightstand (Storage)
cntNightstandPlayerInsecure,blocks,Furniture,,Nightstand (Storage) Insecure
cntMetalDesk02Player,blocks,Furniture,,Metal Desk (Storage)
cntMetalDesk02PlayerInsecure,blocks,Furniture,,Metal Desk (Storage) Insecure
cntLockersShortPlayer,blocks,Furniture,,Lockers (Storage)
cntLockersShortPlayerInsecure,blocks,Furniture,,Lockers (Storage) Insecure
cntLockersTallPlayer,blocks,Furniture,,Tall Lockers (Storage)
cntLockersTallPlayerInsecure,blocks,Furniture,,Tall Lockers (Storage) Insecure
cntLockersTallDoublePlayer,blocks,Furniture,,Tall Double Lockers (Storage)
cntLockersTallDoublePlayerInsecure,blocks,Furniture,,Tall Double Lockers (Storage) Insecure
cntGunRackSmallMagazinesPlayer,blocks,Furniture,,Small Gun Rack (Storage)
cntGunRackSmallMagazinesPlayerInsecure,blocks,Furniture,,Small Gun Rack (Storage) Insecure
cntGunRackSmallArmorPlayer,blocks,Furniture,,Small Armor Rack (Storage)
cntGunRackSmallArmorPlayerInsecure,blocks,Furniture,,Small Armor Rack (Storage) Insecure
cntGunRackLargeGuns01Player,blocks,Furniture,,Large Gun Rack (Storage)
cntGunRackLargeGuns01PlayerInsecure,blocks,Furniture,,Large Gun Rack (Storage) Insecure
cntGunRackLargeGuns02Player,blocks,Furniture,,Large Gun Rack (Storage)
cntGunRackLargeGuns02PlayerInsecure,blocks,Furniture,,Large Gun Rack (Storage) Insecure