Key,File,Type,UsedInMainMenu,NoTranslate,english
cntWallOvenWorking,blocks,Container,,,Working Wall Oven
cntWallOvenPowered,blocks,Container,,,Powered Wall Oven
faucet02Working,blocks,Block,,,Working Household Faucet 2
faucet04Working,blocks,Block,,,Working Household Faucet
faucetBrass02Working,blocks,Block,,,Working Brass Faucet 2
faucetBrass04Working,blocks,Block,,,Working Brass Faucet
tableLampLightPlayer,blocks,Light,,,Table Lamp
workLightPlayer,blocks,Light,,,Work Light
signExitLightPlayer,blocks,Light,,,Exit Sign
industrialLight02RedPlayer,blocks,Light,,,Red Industrial Light
ceilingFanLightPlayer,blocks,Light,,,Ceiling Fan Light
signShopOpenPlayer,blocks,Sign,,,Shop Sign: Open
deskLampLightPlayer,blocks,Light,,,Desk Lamp
lightPlayerVariantHelper,blocks,Light,,,Working Lamps and Lights
sconce1LightShadowPlayer,blocks,Light,,,Sconce Light
porchLight01Player,blocks,Light,,,Old Outdoor Light
porchLight04BrassPlayer,blocks,Light,,,Brass Outdoor Light
wirelessWireRelay,blocks,Electricity,,,Wireless Wire Relay
wirelessWireRelayDesc,blocks,Electricity,,,Use this in place of a Wire Relay to connect devices without those pesky cables ruining the aesthetic of your base.
cntGasGrillWorking,blocks,Block,,,Working Gas Grill
cntCharcoalGrillWorking,blocks,Block,,,Working Charcoal Grill
porchLight04Player,blocks,Light,,,Iron Outdoor Light
ceilingLight02Player,blocks,Light,,,Silver Dome Light
ceilingLight02BrassPlayer,blocks,Light,,,Brass Dome Light
ceilingLight04Player,blocks,Light,,,Warehouse Ceiling Light
ceilingLight05Player,blocks,Light,,,Silver Glass Light
ceilingLight05BrassPlayer,blocks,Light,,,Brass Glass Light
recessedLightPlayer,blocks,Light,,,Recessed Light
wallLight01Player,blocks,Light,,,Warehouse Outdoor Light
fluorescentLightPlayer,blocks,Light,,,Hanging Fluorescent Light
trackLightPlayer,blocks,Light,,,Track Light
chandelierLightPlayer,blocks,Light,,,Chandelier
faucet04WorkingSchematic,items,Schematic,,,Working Faucet Schematic
cntWallOvenWorkingSchematic,items,Schematic,,,Working Ovens and Grills Schematic
decoClawFootBathTubWorking,blocks,Block,,,Working Clawfoot Bathtub
cntBathTubEmptyWorking,blocks,Block,,,Working Bathtub